Adding SegmentMetadataEvent and publishing them via KafkaEmitter (#14281)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-contrib/kafka-emitter.md

| Property                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                             | Required | Default               |
|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------|
| `druid.emitter.kafka.bootstrap.servers`            | Comma-separated Kafka broker. (`[hostname:port],[hostname:port]...`)                                                                                                                    | yes       | none                  |
| `druid.emitter.kafka.event.types`                  | Comma-separated event types. <br/>Supported types are `alerts`, `metrics`, `requests`, and `segmentMetadata`.                                                                                                   | no        | `["metrics", "alerts"]` |

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.metric.topic`                 | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit service metric. If `event.types` contains `metrics`, this field cannot be empty.                                                     | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.metric.topic`                 | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit service metrics. If `event.types` contains `metrics`, this field cannot be empty.                                                     | no        | none                  |
```

| `druid.emitter.kafka.alert.topic`                  | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit alerts. If `event.types` contains `alerts`, this field cannot empty.                                                                | no        | none                  |
| `druid.emitter.kafka.request.topic`                | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit request logs. If `event.types` contains `requests`, this field cannot be empty.                                                       | no        | none                  |

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic`        | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit segments related metadata. If `event.types` contains `segmentMetadata`, this field cannot be empty.                                   | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic`        | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit segment metadata. If `event.types` contains `segmentMetadata`, this field cannot be empty.                                   | no        | none                  |
```

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.producer.config`              | JSON formatted configuration to set additional properties to Kafka producer.                                                                                            | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.producer.config`              | JSON configuration to set additional properties to Kafka producer.                                                                                            | no        | none                  |
```

All the configuration parameters for the Kafka emitter are under `druid.emitter.kafka`.

> | property                                           | description                                                                                                                                                                             | required? | default               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                             | Required | Default               |
```

|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------|

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.bootstrap.servers`            | Comma-separated Kafka broker. (`[hostname:port],[hostname:port]...`)                                                                                                                    | yes       | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.bootstrap.servers`            | Comma-separated Kafka broker. (`[hostname:port],[hostname:port]...`)                                                                                                                    | Yes       | None                  |
```

| `druid.emitter.kafka.event.types`                  | Comma-separated event types. <br/>Choices: alerts, metrics, requests, segmentMetadata                                                                                                   | no        | ["metrics", "alerts"] |

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.metric.topic`                 | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit service metric. If `event.types` contains `metrics`, this field cannot be left empty                                                      | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.metric.topic`                 | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit service metric. If `event.types` contains `metrics`, this field cannot be empty.                                                     | no        | none                  |
```

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.alert.topic`                  | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit alert. If `event.types` contains `alerts`, this field cannot be left empty                                                                | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.alert.topic`                  | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit alerts. If `event.types` contains `alerts`, this field cannot empty.                                                                | no        | none                  |
```

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.request.topic`                | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit request logs. If `event.types` contains `requests`, this field cannot be left empty                                                       | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.request.topic`                | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit request logs. If `event.types` contains `requests`, this field cannot be empty.                                                       | no        | none                  |
```

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic`        | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit segments related metadata. If `event.types` contains `segmentMetadata`, this field cannot be left empty                                   | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic`        | Kafka topic name for emitter's target to emit segments related metadata. If `event.types` contains `segmentMetadata`, this field cannot be empty.                                   | no        | none                  |
```

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic.format` | Format in which segment related metadata will be emitted. <br/>Choices: json, protobuf.<br/> If set to `protobuf`, then segment metadata is emitted in `DruidSegmentEvent.proto` format | no        | json                  |

Reviewer 2: I'm curious about the need to add protobuf encoding (and thereby a dependency) here when we can get away with `json` or a byte format? The output format, including json, can always be made backwards compatible.  And if downstream consumers want to consume the topics as a proto encoded message, that should still be possible by unmarshaling json/bytes into a proto struct as needed?

Author: For now, we have decided to just stick with the JSON implementation like other events. I'll update the PR.

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.producer.config`              | JSON formatted configuration which user want to set additional properties to Kafka producer.                                                                                            | no        | none                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.emitter.kafka.producer.config`              | JSON formatted configuration to set additional properties to Kafka producer.                                                                                            | no        | none                  |
```

> | `druid.emitter.kafka.clusterName`                  | Optional value to specify name of your druid cluster. It can help make groups in your monitoring environment.                                                                           | no        | none                  |

Author: We can group the metrics by clustername to differentiate them from one cluster to another in monitoring environments like datadog, new relic, etc.

### Example

```
druid.emitter.kafka.bootstrap.servers=hostname1:9092,hostname2:9092
druid.emitter.kafka.event.types=["alerts", "requests", "segmentMetadata"]
druid.emitter.kafka.alert.topic=druid-alert
druid.emitter.kafka.request.topic=druid-request-logs
druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic=druid-segment-metadata
druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic.format=protobuf 
druid.emitter.kafka.producer.config={"max.block.ms":10000}
```

> Whenever `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic.format` field is updated, it is recommended to also update  `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic` to avoid the same topic from getting polluted with different formats of segment metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you update `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic.format`, it is recommended that you also update  `druid.emitter.kafka.segmentMetadata.topic` to avoid the same topic from getting polluted with different formats of segment metadata.
```
